Add EventedPLEG to FeatureGates doc (#37715)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates.md

  to running pods.
- `EvenPodsSpread`: Enable pods to be scheduled evenly across topology domains. See
  [Pod Topology Spread Constraints](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/topology-spread-constraints/).

> - `EventedPLEG`: Enable kubelet to receive container life cycle events from the {{< glossary_tooltip text="container runtime" term_id="container-runtime" >}}. `EventedPLEG` also needs to be enabled in the {{< glossary_tooltip text="container runtime" term_id="container-runtime" >}} for this feature to work. If the {{< glossary_tooltip text="container runtime" term_id="container-runtime" >}} does not implement `EventedPLEG` then kubelet will automatically switch to the legacy generic PLEG even after enabling this feature.

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
- `EventedPLEG`: Enable support for the kubelet to receive container life cycle events from the
  {{< glossary_tooltip text="container runtime" term_id="container-runtime" >}} via
  an extension to {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="cri" text="CRI">}}.
  (PLEG is an abbreviation for “Pod lifecycle event generator”).
  For this feature to be useful, you also need to enable support for container lifecycle events
  in each container runtime running in your cluster. If the container runtime does not announce
  support for container lifecycle events then the kubelet automatically switches to the legacy
  generic PLEG mechanism, even if you have this feature gate enabled.
```

  to running pods.
- `EvenPodsSpread`: Enable pods to be scheduled evenly across topology domains. See
  [Pod Topology Spread Constraints](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/topology-spread-constraints/).
- `EventedPLEG`: Enable `EventedPLEG` for the kubelet. `EventedPLEG` also needs to be enabled in the CRI runtime

>    for this feature to work. If the CRI runtime does not implement `EventedPLEG` then kubelet will automatically switch to existing `GenericPLEG` even after enabling this feature.

Reviewer: - What is an evented PLEG? Please at least explain the abbreviation.
- You can write `{{< glossary_tooltip text="container runtime" term_id="container-runtime" >}}` which renders as “container runtime” with a tooltip and a hyperlink to more info; no need to mention that the runtime is CRI compatible because Kubernetes doesn't support anything else.
- `GenericPLEG` isn't a feature gate name, so write “the legacy generic PLEG”.

Author: @sftim Thanks for your feedback. I made some changes based on it, please let me know what do you think. Thanks.
